#227 login from cli (#234)
NBISweden/sda-cli: README.md

### Download the configuration file

Once your files are encrypted, they are ready to be submitted to the SDA/BP archive. The s3 storage requires users to be authenticated, therefore a configuration file needs to be downloaded before starting the uploading of the files.

The configuration file can be downloaded by logging in with a Life Science RI account:

* For BigPicture use https://login.bp.nbis.se/

The configuration file should be placed in the root folder of the repository.

> Alternatively, you can download the configuration file using the login command.

Author: added!

```
where `<keypair_name>.sec.pem` the private key created in the [relevant section](#create-keys) and `<file_to_decrypt>` one of the files downloaded following the instructions of the [download section](#download-file).

## Login

You can login to download the configuration file needed for some of the the tool's operation using the login command:
```bash
./sda-cli login <login_target>
```

> where `login_target` is the URL for the the RI Life Science login, or for Big Picture: https://login.bp.nbis.se/

Reviewer: There is an inconsistency here and in the argHelp (`login.go` line 34) where the url is `bp.nbis.se` instead. Also, the sentence is not exactly correct, so I am changing it a bit:
```suggestion
where `login_target` is the URL can be the login endpoint for Big Picture (https://login.bp.nbis.se/), Federated EGA (https://login.test.fega.nbis.se/) or Genomic Data Infrastructure (https://login.gdi.nbis.se/)
```

Author: Good catch, updated it.

This will throw a link in the terminal for the user where they can go and log in.

> After the login is complete, a configuration file will be created in the tool's directory with the name of `sda-cli-session`

Author: I missed the dot, adding it
